DISPLAY01: Cloud blackout pixel capture. This is not a latency fix or acceptance pass.
Start Cloud, play for 15 seconds, exit through the normal quick menu. No refresh.
Copy ux0:data/green-vita-540-test/display-DISPLAY01-<build>/ and the matching latency folder with VitaShell.

submitted.h264 contains up to 8 MiB of the first 10 seconds of AUs actually submitted to AVCDEC, including injected parameter sets. It contains gameplay images, no audio or credentials.
access-units.csv gives exact byte extents, RTP timestamp and decode epoch; do not bridge epochs during offline decode. Missing/truncated input must not be treated as a complete replay.
pixels.csv samples 32x18 cell centers, at most 4 times/sec and 40 records. Source and uploaded planes are the SAME selected generation under its display lease, before/after the existing copy. Native BGR565 values are low 5 bits red, middle 6 green, high 5 blue. Display samples are ABGR8888 from sceDisplayGetFrameBuf(NEXTFRAME) after the EXISTING display-queue wait and before the next draw. This is an OS framebuffer observation, NOT optical scanout proof. It may refer to a prior display frame; do not claim exact same-frame identity at this boundary. UI overlays also change these pixels. Compare sustained intervals and unobscured regions, not exact full-frame equality. A black sample alone may be legitimate game content.

No receive budgets, clocks, freshness thresholds, keyframe policy, audio policy or thread priorities change. Capture is try-lock based, preallocated, bounded and writes only after streaming stops. A prior saved/partial folder is never overwritten. 8 MiB encoded capacity plus <256 KiB sample/AU storage; no per-frame heap allocation for samples. Extra copying <=8 MiB total; selected source/upload/display reads about 9 KiB per sample. encoded_copy_us/probe_us record observed costs. Hardware overhead is unverified until returned evidence. Lock skips and truncation invalidate claims of a complete encoded replay. Missing display queries remain unknown.

Analysis: python3 tools/analyze_display.py <display-folder>. Reconstruct encoded output separately with FFmpeg when the access-unit stream is complete. Pixel evidence can localize a handoff failure; the analyzer never calls black content a decoder defect without comparison to independently decoded encoded media. No optical display or server behavior is inferred.
